1 What is another name for the collar bone?
2 What is the name of the thigh bone?
3 Endurance of muscles largely depends upon the amount of what substance stored in the muscle prior to the period of exercise?
4 Examples of this type of joint are the knee and elbow:
5 Movement towards the midline of the body:
6 Rotation of the palm down:
7 A strain occurs in a:
8 What is the cup shaped rim of cartilage that lines the shoulder joint?
9 The Rotator Cuff muscles attach to what bone in the shoulder?
10 Which one of the Rotator Cuff muscles is MOST commonly torn?
11 The muscle on the posterior aspect of the femur is the:
12 What is the process of preparing the body for optimized performance?
13 The equipment and exercises used in an exercise program:
14 The degree of effort required to complete a physical activity:
15 What is the strength, endurance, and mental well-being required to be competitive in sports activities?
16 What is a debilitating syndrome in which pain caused by injury produces muscle spasms that increase the pain and spasms in a cyclical manner?
17 What is another word for maximum capability?
18 The desired level of fitness is your:
19 The ability to perform daily activities with vitality and energy, to withstand stress without undue fatigue, and to maintain physical health without medical intervention is also known as:
20 A clean, smooth cut is also known as a(n):
21 What connects muscle to bone?
22 What relays messages, via electrical impulses, from the brain to other parts of the body?
23 What is the process of preparing the body for optimized performance known as?
24 The equipment and exercises used in an exercise program is also known as: 
25 The decrease of a muscle by a decrease in the size of its cells in response to training is known as: 
26 When did the national athletics trainers association become an organization?
27 When did sport medicine get recognized?
28 The ability of the cardio-respiratory system to work efficiently is also called:
29 Training to a sport to assist an individual is called: 
30 An injury that has occurred at the site of the impact/cause is a(n):
31 A traumatic injury that alters the brain’s mental status is known as a(n): 
32  Injured tissue/skin where blood capillaries have been ruptured is called: 
33 A wedge of cartilage that provides a cushion in the knee joint is the: 
34 The muscle opposing the primary muscle causing movement is the: 
35 The girth or size of a muscle is called: 
36 What is the degree of effort required to complete a certain physical activity called?
37 What is the length of time an activity is performed called?
38 The lack in correspondence with shape, proportion, and the relative position between opposing body parts is: 
39 The form of stretching beneficial in sports utilizing momentum from form is called: 
40 What is another name for a stretch injury of the ligaments in an area?

